[Music]
drone an Israeli soldier used a drone
camera to check the building before
entering as the Drone was flown inside
he caught me on camera he told me to
come down he examined my ID and all was
fine he ordered me to
strip then I found myself surrounded by
more than 70 Israeli soldiers they
blindfolded me and beat and battered me
from all Directions They marked an x on
my head to mean I'm a Hamas fighter
hiding among patients
at hospital I found medical staff on the
floor naked handcuffed and blindfolded
marks of torture and whipping were
clearly visible on their backs Israeli
soldiers took me to the second floor I
found a chair like an execution chair
they hung wires from the ceiling they
kept assaulting and verbally abusing
Mech they spilled food and ketchup on me
they hit me with rifle
[Music]
stocks they put me in a corner I was
blindfolded and handcuffed Israeli
soldiers smashed glass bottles on my
head my leg was injured in two places by
the broken glass the wounds needed seven
stitches then I was moved with other GS
and
detainees they brought bulldozers and
told us you are going to hell we thought
the Israeli soldiers were going to bury
us but they wanted to frighten us they
sprayed us with freezing water on our
nak bodies 3 or 4 hours later we moved
again on the third day an Israeli
officer stopped me because my blindfold
was about to fall off then he made me
face the wall for 4 hours an Israeli
soldier dragged me onto the floor by my
handcuffs and hit me with a bat on I
heard my arm
snapping